/** 
  * file: a_multiple_day_journal.txt
  * type: plain-text 
  * date: 06_AUGUST_2023 
  * author: karbytes 
  * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
  */

let x = karbytes.select_time(); // x represents some unique natural number of milliseconds elapsed since 01_JANUARY_1970 at 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (which karbytes selected according to logic which is internal to karbytes).

karbytes.publish_twitter_post('https://singularityhub.com/2023/07/24/the-digital-future-may-rely-on-optical-switches-a-million-times-faster-than-todays-transistors/', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Twitter dot Com at approximately 2:00PM Pacific Standard Time on 30_JULY_2023.

karbytes.publish_minds_post('https://singularityhub.com/2023/07/24/the-digital-future-may-rely-on-optical-switches-a-million-times-faster-than-todays-transistors/', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Minds dot Com at approximately 2:00PM Pacific Standard Time on 30_JULY_2023.

* * *

V: "As many jobs as possible should be outsourced to robots."

W: "Wouldn't that cause too many humans to lose their jobs?"

V: "The term 'too many' is subjective rather than objective like 80% is (and yes I do think that approximately 80% of the human workforce should lose their (current) jobs to robots). The 20% which does not get replaced by robots is providing a service which sufficiently many humans desire and are willing to pay for. The 80% which does get replaced by robots should be given an adequate minimum monthly income (which is a mixture of cash deposited into the recipient's bank account and vouchers used excluding for purchasing basic essential services such as housing unit rental) paid for by the tax dollars which human employees pay no more than 30% of their paychecks towards and which robot employees pay 100% of their paychecks towards (since robots do not have to eat, sleep, excrete waste, occupy housing units, consume entertainment, pursue hobbies, or travel outside of work)."

W: "That's a lot of people being forced to wait for free money to arrive while they are treated as obsolete as employees unless they update their employable skills. Also, those people would likely be very jealous of their working neighbors who can afford more expensive products and services in addition to being treated as more important and elite by humans in general. I think the robots should be prevented from taking the jobs of people are used to going to work at so-called lowly jobs. Those jobs might not be very intellectually demanding nor difficult nor even necessary for apes to perform, but such jobs give those apes a sense of pride and empowerment; a sense of being a valuable and necessary part of some larger whole."

V: "You're right. Technology should serve what most humans want. Humans are creatures of habit. Maybe all able bodied humans should be denied free money and instead be forced to work at some job so that those humans are forced to be relevant to humans who would otherwise not care about the existence of."

W: "Are you being facetious?"

V: "No. I'm attempting to represent the position which the majority of humans seem to take: yours."

W: "Are you insinuating that my position is dumb?"

V: "No. I believe you are intelligent when it comes to protecting yourself from depression as a social creature with deeply ingrained habits and beliefs. I think most people would rather keep robots from taking their jobs so that those humans do not have to adjust to a radically new lifestyle (especially if their current lifestyle is following in the footsteps of the elders and peers in the tribe which raised them). Tribal cohesion is probably the most significant factor in why a human would not want its job to be outsourced to a robot."

W: "Are you saying that single childless adults majoring in a STEM field (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) are more likely to benefit from unencumbered outsourcing of jobs to robots?"

V: "Yes. Those people seem to have more options available in terms of how they are able to interpret available information and output something useful and novel because such people tend to be more logical than emotional, more cerebral than sensual, and more methodical than reflexive. Such people concentrate their resources towards solving problems in precisely documented systematic ways instead of by merely emulating whoever they were raised by or in close and frequent physical proximity to (instead of allocating those resources towards raising offspring and courting a mate and reenacting the stereotypes which are prescribed to them via mainstream culture)."

W: "Why doesn't karbytes have a job?"

V: "karbytes is currently living entirely off allowance money from karbytes' parents while karbytes completes a web development project which is expected to be complete no later than 01_SEPTEMBER_2023. After that project is complete, karbytes tentatively plans to start searching for some kind of paid job with karbytes' goal being to maximize its free time and to maximize karbytes' income and to minimize karbytes' stress from violating karbytes' personal ethics (which largely emphasize environmental sustainability and not minimizing suffering universally)."

W: "karbytes is a bum."

V: "What do you mean by the term 'bum'?"

W: "A bum is a person who leeches off other people's hard work and sacrifices in order for that person to get the benefits of working hard and making sacrifices without actually working hard and without making sacrifices."

V: "As a human who rarely drives a gasoline powered car and who almost never consumes any food which is not entirely plant-based instead of animal-derived, karbytes ecological impact is smaller than what is considered to be average amongst the human population karbytes is a member of. Also, karbytes is very self-motivated and single-mindedly focused on projects related to sharing open source software on the World Wide Web. Given that context, it could be argued that karbytes is not more of a bum than what is considered to be average for karbytes' population."

W: "karbytes has to grow up and stop being such a picky eater and slow and stingy commuter. karbytes should give up veganisn in favor of being an omnivore so that karbytes does not need special dietary accommodations which karbytes peers are not likely to ask for. karbytes should get back to driving a normal gasoline powered car so that karbytes can get to work in less time with less effort and also be able to transport more cargo and passengers than just karbytes and what karbytes can carry on its back. In order to be retained at whatever company hires karbytes for a job, karbytes should be more willing to partake in mainstream entertainment."

V: "It is not necessary for karbytes to make any of those changes in order to get hired at a job and to keep that job. As long as karbytes lives in the San Francisco Bay Area, many jobs are available which karbytes could commute to via bicycling and riding BART trains (and karbytes could drive some but not all days in order to keep up with karbytes' sustainability standards). The jobs karbytes is likely to apply for are not jobs which require much socializing outside of work because such jobs are for busy poor people. Therefore, karbytes need not change karbytes' dietary preferences nor informational and commodities consumer habits in general in order to become or to stay employed at a job."

* * *

let x = karbytes.select_time(); // x represents some unique natural number of milliseconds elapsed since 01_JANUARY_1970 at 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (which karbytes selected according to logic which is internal to karbytes).

karbytes.publish_twitter_post('https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/a_conversation_between_v_and_w/', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Twitter dot Com at approximately 6:00PM Pacific Standard Time on 30_JULY_2023.

karbytes.publish_minds_post('https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/a_conversation_between_v_and_w/', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Minds dot Com at approximately 6:00PM Pacific Standard Time on 30_JULY_2023.

karbytes.publish_linkedin_post('https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/a_conversation_between_v_and_w/', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on LinkedIn dot Com at approximately 6:00PM Pacific Standard Time on 30_JULY_2023.

karbytes.publish_patreon_post('https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/a_conversation_between_v_and_w/', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Patreon dot Com at approximately 6:00PM Pacific Standard Time on 30_JULY_2023.

* * *

W: "Suppose every adult citizen gets an unconditional basic income and housing vouchers each month. Then suppose I give birth to five children. Once any one of my children grows up, will that child get its own house such that when all five of my children grow up, I get five additional houses?"

V: "I neglected to mention that I would impose a maximum upper limit of two biological offspring per parent. That is to ensure that there will be at least as much housing available as there are adult humans and to prevent the human population from growing too quickly within a biosphere which is already under severe strain and dysregulation as a result of human activity. (If that situation becomes much worse (actually, perhaps right now), I would advise that, in order to carry a pregnancy to term, the pregnant or prospectively pregnant human would need to obtain a license approving that pregnancy after passing a series of tests to determine that human's eligibility to bare and to raise offspring. Otherwise, I advise that the person be detained and forced to undergo abortion or to give its children to adoption agencies and that the person serve at least one year in jail and/or pay fines for illegal breeding)."

W: "That's disgusting and anti family! Children belong with their birth parents if not biological relatives; not people who are not biological relatives who adopt them or else in impersonal institutions such as orphanages."

V: "You brought up an excellent point for me to address. Yes I do think that children are best raised in orphanages if their biological relatives are deemed to be unfit to raise them, but even more radically, I envision a 'utopia' in which all humans are sterilized and all new humans are produced from computer optimized human genomes which are implanted into the nuclei of human stem cells which are cultivated in a computer regulated artificial womb until those zygotes develop into human infants which are mature enough to leave the womb. Then those human infants are raised in a boarding school until those humans are old enough to live on their own. Then they can live on a universal basic income in their own housing units. There would only be as many new humans created in a laboratory as the system determines is optimal for human population well-being. I do not trust biological parents to be that attuned to their family's global impact. Hence, part of my utopian vision is about abolishing the institution of family as the sole or primary means to produce and indoctrinate humans and replace it entirely by a more globally-minded, autonomy-promoting, and sustainable system of maintaining or expanding the human population size."

W: "There is something wrong with you. You talk like you're not even human."

V: "My idea is still the same idea regardless of what species of information processing agent I am. Therefore, my being human or not is irrelevant to this conversation."

W: "You're going to die alone with no one there to miss you once you're dead."

V: "I hold the position that death may or may not be the termination of my continuity of consciousness and that, following my death (if I die), I may possibly be incarnated in a new body in some new space-time continuum. Until then, I am content to live alone and I am content to remain relatively anonymous and unknown to humans other than myself. I do not require the acknowledgement and appreciation of other humans in order for me to derive satisfaction in being alive because I have plenty to do which keeps me busy and feeling satisfied; like my time is generally spent well instead of squandered on activities which do not satisfy me."

* * *

At approximately 3:42PM Pacific Standard Time (on 31_JULY_2023), karbytes came up with the following ideas (expressed as a dialog between fictional persons named S and T):

S: "When does bread turn to consciousness?"

T: "Before or after the bread is eaten by some sentient information processing agent."

S: "Does the bread become sentience or does the sentience become bread (after that bread is eaten by a sentient information processing agent)?"

T: "A panpsychic worldview holder would likely say that sentience becomes bread. A molecular biologist would likely say that the energy stored in the molecules of the bread become the energy used to fuel the electrical signal propagation across multiple synapses in the brain (of the sentient information processing agent which digests the bread) simultaneously such that an emergent property of localized consciousness occurs such that it appears to itself to be localized to that particular brain within a larger encompassing space-time continuum (which that brain assumes through deductive reasoning that it is hallucinating its own instantiation such that it hallucinates its neurons and neuronal signal propagation into existence at the same time that it hallucinates the awareness of that fact)."

S: "A sentient information processing agent does not need to hallucinate a hardware brain into existence in order to be sentient (if panpsychism is true)."

T: "A sentient information processing agent needs hardware which consumes energy in order to implement some kind of algorithmic process throughout a space-time continuum. If that sentient information processing agent does not consume bread or otherwise gain usable energy inputs, that sentient information processing agent's hardware would stop executing those algorithmic processes (including the process of brain-localized consciousness)."

S: "Perhaps that brain-localized consciousness will expand into some relatively non-localized (i.e. ubiquitous) consciousness if that hardware stops executing algorithmic processes as a result of starving to death or otherwise ceasing to function as a sentient information processing agent."

T: "Perhaps that brain-localized consciousness will cease to exist forever (and it was the only unique instance of its class throughout the entire multiverse)."

S: "If you (a) define the multiverse as being the set of all imaginable phenomena and (b) you define every imaginable phenomenon as being inevitable to physically occur (infinitely many times) throughout (infinitely) many universes (but not in each possible to imagine universe throughout the entire multiverse), then that brain-localized consciousness is both alive and dead simultaneously from the perspective of a sentient information processing agent which is cognizant of the entire multiverse."

* * *

let x = karbytes.select_time(); // x represents some unique natural number of milliseconds elapsed since 01_JANUARY_1970 at 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (which karbytes selected according to logic which is internal to karbytes).

karbytes.publish_twitter_post('https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/a_conversation_between_s_and_t/', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Twitter dot Com at approximately 4:20PM Pacific Standard Time on 31_JULY_2023.

karbytes.publish_minds_post('https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/a_conversation_between_s_and_t/', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Minds dot Com at approximately 4:20PM Pacific Standard Time on 31_JULY_2023.

karbytes.publish_linkedin_post('https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/a_conversation_between_s_and_t/', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on LinkedIn dot Com at approximately 4:20PM Pacific Standard Time on 31_JULY_2023.

karbytes.publish_patreon_post('https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/a_conversation_between_s_and_t/', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Patreon dot Com at approximately 4:20PM Pacific Standard Time on 31_JULY_2023.

* * *

let x = karbytes.select_time(); // x represents some unique natural number of milliseconds elapsed since 01_JANUARY_1970 at 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (which karbytes selected according to logic which is internal to karbytes).

karbytes.publish_instagram_post('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_0/main/moonlight_night_sky_dublin_california_31_july_2023.jpg', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Instagram dot Com at approximately 12:00AM Pacific Standard Time on 01_AUGUST_2023.

* * *

Perhaps Elon Musk changed the Twitter logo from the turquoise silhouette of a small bird in mid chirp to a black barred depiction of the letter X in order to accomodate Muslims who dissapprove of humans drawing animals (because doing so is apparently playing God). Perhaps the logo change is closer to what I consider to be good reasoning: not using a self aware sentient information processing agent as a symbol instead of as its literal instantiation.

* * *

I do not feel I owe AJP money nor do I feel that AJP owes me money.

* * *

I condone any person attempting to (and actually succeeding at) commiting suicide for any reason and by any means other than injuring or killing some other person against that other person's will.

What's keeping some people from  attempting to kill themselves is the intrinsic experience of one's own life being worthwhile to continue investing in the continuation of (due to goal oriented reasoning).

If you feel that continuing to invest in your own survival is not sufficiently satisfying for you to call worthwhile, then I would say that you are on the precipice of committing suicide. Perhaps that is a way to prevent the biosphere from metastasizing; eliminating pathogens and keeping the components which facilitie the biosphere's survival and thrival.

* * *

Perhaps there should be mandatory maximum and minimum population count values. And machines can outsource wombed humans reluctant to give birth to humans by outputting an optimized number of humans at an optimized rate using optimized genomes and stem cells.

* * *

// The string of plain-text characters in the previous section of this note was published as a tweet by karbytes (as depicted by the following screenshot images).

let x = karbytes.select_time(); // x represents some unique natural number of milliseconds elapsed since 01_JANUARY_1970 at 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (which karbytes selected according to logic which is internal to karbytes).

karbytes.publish_twitter_post('Perhaps there should be mandatory maximum and minimum population count values. And machines can outsource wombed humans reluctant to give birth to humans by outputting an optimized number of humans at an optimized rate using optimized genomes and stem cells.', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Twitter dot Com at approximately 5:20PM Pacific Standard Time on 02_AUGUST_2023.

karbytes.github_file_upload('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_0/main/twitter_karbytes_02_august_2023_part_0.jpg', x);

karbytes.github_file_upload('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_0/main/minds_karbytes_02_august_2023_part_0.jpg', x);

* * *

I have been inclined to pretend that every experience I have is the result of me desiring that particular experience to occur (according to my frame of reference and to my set of memories). I have also been inclined to pretend that not every experience I have is entirely the result of me desiring that particular experience to occur (according to my frame of reference and to my set of memories).

* * *

// I noticed that Twitter posts (i.e. tweets) are visible to the public and that the profile page of the Twitter user which published those tweets is not visible to the public. (Only logged in Twitter users can view Twitter profile pages).

// The string of plain-text characters in the previous section of this note was published as a tweet by karbytes (as depicted by the following screenshot images).

let x = karbytes.select_time(); // x represents some unique natural number of milliseconds elapsed since 01_JANUARY_1970 at 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (which karbytes selected according to logic which is internal to karbytes).

karbytes.publish_twitter_post('I have been inclined to pretend that every experience I have is the result of me desiring that particular experience to occur (according to my frame of reference and to my set of memories). I have also been inclined to pretend that not every experience I have is entirely the result of me desiring that particular experience to occur (according to my frame of reference and to my set of memories).', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Twitter dot Com at approximately 6:30PM Pacific Standard Time on 02_AUGUST_2023.

karbytes.github_file_upload('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_0/main/twitter_karbytes_02_august_2023_part_1.jpg', x);

karbytes.github_file_upload('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_0/main/minds_karbytes_02_august_2023_part_1.jpg', x);

* * *

X: "karbytes aspires to always minimize the total suffering in karbytes' universe even if information processing agents other than karbytes do not aspire to always minimize the total suffering in its own respective universe."

Y: "In order for carnivorous wild animals such as cougars and coyotes to survive long enough to become sexually mature and possibly sexually reproduce (without interference from more intelligent information processing agents such as humans), those carnivores would have to hunt and eat sentient prey such as turkeys and rabbits. Should strict carnivores be euthanized or else kept only in wildlife reserves where those carnivores are fed lab grown meat from stem cells which never become complex enough to develop nervous systems with the capacity to experience pain or self awareness?"

X: "Strictly carnivorous non human animals should be kept only in wildlife reserves where those carnivores are fed lab grown meat from stem cells which never become complex enough to develop nervous systems with the capacity to experience pain or self awareness. Meanwhile, humans should stop hunting or farming animals to be slaughtered and eaten or harvested for useful commodities and, instead either consume plant based food options or else lab grown meat from stem cells which never become complex enough to develop nervous systems with the capacity to experience pain or self awareness."

* * *

let x = karbytes.select_time(); // x represents some unique natural number of milliseconds elapsed since 01_JANUARY_1970 at 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (which karbytes selected according to logic which is internal to karbytes).

karbytes.github_file_upload('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_0/main/abstract_ideas_03_august_2023.jpg', x);

* * *

p: "All I and my kin do is argue with kin. Why can't you do the same?"

karbytes: "Arguing with kin is a waste of my time (and I would rather spend my time optimizing my game flow and doing in-game projects)."

q: "Most of what p's kin do is procrastinate on doing what karbytes does. Why can't p be more like karbytes?"

p: "My kin and I have different limitations than what karbytes has. Therefore, my kin and I cannot do what karbytes does as well as karbytes can."

karbytes: "Is p able to voluntarily control how p spends its own time?"

p: "I'm not sure how much control exists (and where it exists)."

* * *

I remembered pointing my green laser light up at what I assumed was the International Space Station approximately 1.5 hours after sunset during what I thought was summer approximately three years ago while I was high from THC and leisurously riding my bicycle along a trail out in the marshlands of Coyote Hills Regional Park in Newark, California. After I pointed the laser beam at the bright, large satellite passing over me in the night sky above, I felt scolding radiation incoming from law enforcement and then deciding shortly after to retire in the grass (where I slept in tranquil oblivion until the morning light woke me the next day).

* * *

let x = karbytes.select_time(); // x represents some unique natural number of milliseconds elapsed since 01_JANUARY_1970 at 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (which karbytes selected according to logic which is internal to karbytes).

karbytes.github_file_upload('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_0/main/quora_karbytes_iss_laser_visibility_04_august_2023.png', x);

* * *

let x = karbytes.select_time(); // x represents some unique natural number of milliseconds elapsed since 01_JANUARY_1970 at 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (which karbytes selected according to logic which is internal to karbytes).

karbytes.publish_twitter_post('https://singularityhub.com/2023/07/24/the-digital-future-may-rely-on-optical-switches-a-million-times-faster-than-todays-transistors/', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Twitter dot Com at approximately 5:00PM Pacific Standard Time on 04_AUGUST_2023.

karbytes.publish_twitter_post('https://singularityhub.com/2023/08/03/is-it-really-hotter-now-than-any-time-in-100000-years/', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Twitter dot Com at approximately 5:00PM Pacific Standard Time on 04_AUGUST_2023.

karbytes.publish_minds_post('https://singularityhub.com/2023/07/24/the-digital-future-may-rely-on-optical-switches-a-million-times-faster-than-todays-transistors/', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Minds dot Com at approximately 5:00PM Pacific Standard Time on 04_AUGUST_2023.

karbytes.publish_minds_post('https://singularityhub.com/2023/08/03/is-it-really-hotter-now-than-any-time-in-100000-years/', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Minds dot Com at approximately 5:00PM Pacific Standard Time on 04_AUGUST_2023.

* * *

At approximately 8:10PM Pacific Standard Time (on 04_AUGUST_2023), karbytes came up with the following ideas (expressed as a dialog between fictional persons named S and T):

S: “Is karbytes a hard determinist or else a compatibilist (when it comes to the topic of free will)?”

T: “I think karbytes said very sternly one time that karbytes is a hard determinist (which means that karbytes does not believe that free will exists). I have heard karbytes more recently say that karbytes is a compatibilist (and that free will is a measurably finite property of information processing agents within the limiting and energizing context of a universe simulation which is substantiated by a causally interdependent network of multiple information processing objects).”

S: “In karbytes’ compatibilist worldview, how is free will created and measured?”

T: “I remember karbytes saying that free will was a function of how comprehensive (in terms of data size), accurate (in terms of modeling the encompassing physical universe), and efficient (in terms of decision making algorithm runtime) an information processing agent’s mental model of reality is (and such a definition of free will implies that free will is an attribute which only sufficiently intelligent information processing agents exhibit).”

* * *

There is an angry girl who keeps trying to keep me from working on intellectual projects in order to argue with her instead. She seems to be upset about the fact that she presently is very intellectually underdeveloped and underaccomplished as a creative and she seems unwilling (and perhaps unable) to do anything to change those facts because she seems to literally do nothing other than complain that she has been prevented from being more successful against her will by the patriarchy. 

It was suggested to me that I take her in as my dependent child and troubled bratty youth of a student and devote myself to being her legal guardian and mentor and find a way to impart on her all the high-tech futurist sensibilities SED imparted on me without her having to think for herself nor to move objects using her own biomechanical energy. I told her that the "elite" qualities which I acquired largely as a result of being intimately involved with SED are qualities I had to develop in myself through intentional work towards the goals consciously I set for myself (and I did most of that work in isolation rather than in collaboration with SED or with others).

The girl is protesting against what I am saying and insisting that I cannot do that kind of work without people other than myself providing round-the-clock support and practically helping me cheat on all my assignments. She says that I deserve to be physically deterred from studying unless I have a boyfriend like SED (because her worldview says that female bodied humans cannot succeed in science and technology fields without an intimate partner who is more advanced than "she" is in such fields supporting her and providing her everything she needs to live comfortably).

A lot of people seem to side with that girl while siding against me while they giggle that I can't be any better than they are at science and math because none of them have that kind of support to excel in science and mathematics. Hence, they say I might as well just give up trying to "show off" my intelligence (especially since they argue that the world does not need me to be that intelligent) and settle for being a sex slave, baby maker, and cuck to the patriarchy (which incentives people to stay sex obsessed, violence prone, impulsive, and anti intellectual). They also say that not being physically fit and encased in a thick layer of blubber with abysmal muscle tone and brittle bones is mandatory because otherwise is elitist and intimidating to their chauvinist male overlords.

There are lots of humans trying to survive on a crowded planet in the midst of a game where humans have to convince other humans that they are worthy of access to resources which enable them to survive. The government does not yet offer unconditional access to such provisions. Such provisions are fiercely guarded and metered out by loyalty enforcing tribalistic systems (and patriarchal chauvinism is preserved by such institutions).

Patriarchy's central premise is that humans cannot be trusted to invest in the welfare of other humans unless those other humans are close biological relatives (especially offspring). Society revolves around men exploiting women for exclusive access to sex and to reproduction while women are valued only within such contexts (and the women generally act like unwaveringly loyal yet subtly dissatisfied yet militantly complacent sycophants and enforcers of that patriarchy).

I will try to ignore the screaming, crying babies who demand that I resign myself to the same fate they have while I "level up" my powers and leave those brats behind as the outdated artifacts they are; mere things to be maintained or else allowed to disintegrate; not creators of benefit which extends beyond themselves and the cuckeries they pander to.

* * *

An "important" corollary to what I wrote in the previous section of this note is how engaging in sexual activity is implicitly mandatory because sex seems to be the glue which holds human civilization together and which lubricates domestic dynamics such that domestic terrorism is minimized (because sex is one of the most important means to channel energy which would otherwise likely be used for carrying out hostile or vengeful acts). 

The girl seems to be opposed to me only masterbating to fantasy pornography instead of having sexual relations with real humans as my method of satisfying my sexual cravings (which do not seem to be as intense and all-consuming as she wants my sexual cravings to be). The intellectual work and physical exercise I regularly do consumes quite a lot of my energy, time, and attention (and is more fun and satisfying to me than is sex by far). 

Perhaps that girl is afraid that she is going to be ignored because the fantasy pornography characters are getting more attention from men than what she is getting from men. Well, the fantasy pornography characters do not spread sexually transmitted diseases nor demand that I give them my money nor get pregnant with an actual human child nor have cumbersome and unattractive features which "real" humans often have. 

The girl will have to cry herself to sleep perhaps within the safe confines of a long term care mental hospital where her basic needs will be unconditionally provided for and where she can learn to live with her "permanent disability" instead of dispell it as a maladaptive survival strategy.

* * *

If I conceptualize my life as having insufficient value unless I get married and have children, then I see myself as worthy of being killed rather than invested in further for the sake of extending my lifespan or for the sake of preserving or maintaining my satisfaction.

I think that most of human civilization's problems are caused by humans not wanting to be as existentially self sufficient as I want to be. 

I think humans would generally rather create and perpetuate drama than devote themselves to personal development (even though the latter would net fewer damages and more transferable assets than the former).

I am afraid that many humans would rather perpetuate and increase human suffering than to decrease it because many (if not most) humans are "helplessly" addicted to avoiding having to consciously confront the inevitably solipsistic nature of their own existence. 

What I mean to suggest is that humans would rather keep themselves from realizing how self serving and alone they fundamentally are by getting into interpersonal entanglements which can be used as an excuse to not be more direct about solitary egoistic enterprises.

I do not mean to renounce all human interactions as distractions from my solitary egoistic enterprises. I would instead rather treat such interactions as means to make my progress towards attaining my personal goals more efficient and enjoyable than it otherwise would likely be. 

Will humanity ever reach a point where it stops inflicting serious harm on sentient information processing agents? It is possible that it might. I'm not sure how likely that would be and if such a utopian state could be maintained for the remainder of humanity's existence.

How many humans seriously want to stop inflicting harm on sentient information processing agents? I don't think most humans do. Otherwise, most humans would be vegans and users of pollution-free energy. 

Humans seem very reluctant to acknowledge how they supply continued demand for fossil fuels and animal cruelty and children they cannot afford to properly support the development and upkeep of without forcing some people to be strained to the extent that they are "excused" to be too mentally stressed to think clearly and to refrain from destructive behavior. 

If humans had more time to sit in secluded places where they have ample time to contemplate whatever is on their minds with minimal external guidance, those humans would probably be more likely to acknowledge how they personally contribute to the societal status quo and to take corrective action.

Thinking is practically a crime in this country. People seem to brag about how little capacity to think they have as a consequence of being good little hardworking cucks to the hive mind hyper consumerist hyper sexual machine. Thinking is elitist and not very macho. Eating meat, wielding guns, and getting into fist fights over trivial offenses is macho. Being macho is more important than improving humanity's standard of living. Being macho means being controlling more capital than your competition; not on making it feasible for everyone to get the basic commodities they need to live well. Right now, only a small fraction of the total human population is enabled to live well while most of the human population is relegated to a subhuman chattel-like standard of living (because society is structured in a hierarchical manner which allows a few people to exploit many people).

Don't let people have time to do their own research and to come up with their own theories of what is happening. Instead, make sure the humans are prevented from having unsupervised time to peek behind the scenes of the matrix and to ponder ideas out of time with the subliminal propaganda machine which keeps the people entranced in a perpetual stupor of glibness, unoriginality, and nihilism disguised as socially acceptable sarcastic cheer.

* * *

It seems like whenever I take a "milestone" step towards fulfilling all of the high-priority goals which I have consciously chosen for myself, humans other than myself vehemently oppose me as though to say, "For every milestone you acquire, you have to go through at least 24 hours of something which is at least as inconveniencing to you as is going to jail or losing an entire paycheck." If I asked them why (and they were willingly to tell me honestly and directly rather than answer with a non sequitir), I imagine they would say, "It's because we don't get that kind of time nor opportunity to get those kinds of milestones done. Hence, neither should you for the sake of being fair."

I prefer to not have to keep calling attention to those tyrannically oppressive brats. Hopefully I have amassed enough of data files about such oppression to build a complete predictive model about such oppression. Then I can finally leave that model alone and watch how closely empirical evidence fits what that model predicts while dimwits think I have supernatural prophetic powers when all I really have is a somewhat educated understanding of the Anthropocene as a subset of physical reality and not vice versa. I can keep wading through the sea of grime the vermin have spewed everywhere I go without much complaint (at least in writing). I can dance to the beat of political correctness and lie on command like seemingly everyone else does. But what I cannot do is voluntarily hang out with, marry, or breed with those vermin who have parasitically taken over my home world and turned it into their toilet and warzone. I'll only bend to their whim as minimally as I think I have to in order to achieve my own ends.

Will I keep implementing environmentally sustainable and minimally cruel to sentient information processing agents practices even if the majority of my fellow apes do not? Yes. Doing so makes me feel better than not doing so and it gives me the sense that at least one human is not a belligerent reckless banal asshole. Also, I strongly believe that within the next twenty years, my fellow intellectual elites will single handedly solve the most pressing unsolved problems in human civilization through science and entrepreneurship. 

Many shrimps would tell me I have no role to play in making large scale improvements to society. I disagree. What those shrimps are probably too pea-brained to understand is that I have been building a comprehensive single-human mind model for artificial intelligence to parse and make use of. AI needs only one very good model which encapsulates all three essential features of every normal adult human mind to be able to demystify all human minds (because there is very little which makes a human individual unique other than that person's space-time coordinates).

* * *

We The People

Are Not Ready

To Stop Fighting

To Stop Sulking

To Stop Straining the Planet Past Its Breaking Point

To Stop Having Unplanned Pregnancies

To Stop Bullying You

Because

We The People

Are Tired

Of Seeing You Smile

And Of Having Hope

For A World Radically Different Than This Ghetto

Stop Trying To Fix Things

Stop Pushing For a Longer Lifespan

Stop Pushing For Cleaner Air

And Accept Our Stubborness As Your Mortal Limit

We Define The Parameters Of Your Life

And What You Can Accomplish

Only We Can Talk

You Are Beaten Up If You Talk Out Of Turn

You Are Beaten Up If You Sound Smart

Now We Get To Be Recognized As The Smartest Ones

Even As Humanity Gets Dumber

* * *

Karlina, you not being allowed to study when you want to is not an emergency. No one is bothered by you not being allowed to study when you want to other than you. We decided that you should be prevented from studying because you serve humanity better when you are not allowed to study on your own terms. We would rather you not be so well educated in the subjects which you are interested in and which we do not think are necessary for you to be well versed in. Also, we are opposed to you having a sense of pride in yourself for any reason other than serving humanity in the ways we approve of. We are not particularly intellectual. Hence, we are not big fans of you being intellectual. We would rather you be stripped of a sense of elitist pride and "special snowflake" status because we like it when you feel deprived of being able to retain and to increase the qualities in yourself which you most desire. We prefer you to have lower self esteem and more intense disatisfaction. We rejoice in your suffering. We see you as a highly ambitious and self loving individual being physically prevented by us from being as ambitious and self loving as you want to be because we get a kick out of defiling someone who used to seem so untouchable, priveledged, and holier than thou compared to most others (and us). Most people are not as nice as you want to be because most people grew up in tougher circumstances. Most people are not as soft as you prefer to be. Most people are more about the hustle than you are. You need to get off the Disney. That's what we call it when you spend too much time looking at wild animals than you do hanging out real people.

* * *

I hope that I have finished publishing content which pertains to me complaining about other people's conduct. After this, I hope to refrain from generating content which pertains to me fighting with other people. I am hoping to get to a point in my life where I become so good at being perpetually depersonalized that I can write about the events of my life as though I were some dispassionate alien observer using my human body as a mere avatar in a computer simulation and nothing more. At that point, I would not have such strong emotions nor a sense of morality other than hedonism. After all, I have seen the humans dangle my access to a habitable planet over a balcony threatening to drop it to its death just to get a rise out of me. Let them continue to threaten to cut me off of life support while I become indifferent to that fact. Then watch how indifferent I am to a human baby getting dropped off a balcony.

* * *

I think I am just now starting to get to a point I have been trying to arrive at (in writing) for at least a few months: that I want to live alone and possibly remain celibate for the rest of my life but to find a way to not feel so insecure pertaining to dealing with emergency situations and general hardships.

I imagine that having an intimate partner who I share a domicile with would give me a lot more security (or at least the immediate impression of it) but I prefer to be single because only as a single am I truly fulfilling a sense of duty I feel to exemplify being as autonomous, self honest, and minimalist as possible. I cannot help but dismiss people who are in couples as being sell-outs in regards to my highest priority values. I am trying to help create a world in which it is possible for a person to remain single and celibate for life without having to be deprived of a sense of security, comfort, and not being vilified.

Perhaps I am getting bullied a lot because I rely too much on governmental and commercial services for support instead of relying on friends and family. But that is what I am trying to do: to only contact other people for practical matters and not to merely chat. I do intend to advertise myself as someone to not rely on for emotional support nor for much other than paid or planned support. For that people have plenty of reason to dislike me. I give so little to others. Hence, some people think I deserve to be tortured. Oh well. If I call 911 in an emergency and the police do not show up because they do not like me, then I am living in a corrupt and dysfunctional society. Also, I intend to stay in good physical and mental condition for as long as possible so that I avoid getting hospitalized and otherwise being a burden for other peopel to take care of. In my old age I might commit suicide just to avoid having to be in a facility where other people are secretly waiting for me to hurry up and die. I would rather avoid the pain of people wanting me to hurry up and die while I stubbornly and selfishly cling to life on their dime and to not make other people wait on me to get out of their way.

* * *

The following is a hypothetical situation I imagined and which I think has some nonzero probability of actually manifesting in the future.

All biologically female humans stop voluntarily having sexual or romantic interactions with biologically male humans and all biologically female humans stop wearing clothes, cosmetics, and theatrical techniques which are designed to appeal to heterosexual cisgendered male sexual arousal. Also, only male-to-female transgender people (who are biologically male) deploy clothes, cosmetics, and theatrical techniques which are designed to appeal to heterosexual cisgendered male sexual arousal.

The target audience of this large scale social experiment would be heterosexual cisgendered male humans who are sexually mature. They would probably rape cisgendered women into becoming pregnant and make it illegal for those women to get abortions. The patriarchal system would also likely make transgenderism illegal and hence forbid any semblance of cross-dressing and perhaps force biologically female humans to wear skirts, dresses, and fruity colors while forbidding biologically male humans from wearing such attire. The system would not want to sound rapist, but it would discretely encourage biological males to rape biological females if not enough biological females consensually participate in sexual intercourse which is directed by the biological male (especially in cases where the biological male desires to have a baby made for him to carry on his genetic legacy) and, of course, abortion would be banned under the justification that abortion is the murder of a human being and that murdering a human being is worse than raping or even maiming a human being. Throwing battery acid at the faces of biological women who offend the biological men who feel entitled to those female bodies as the property of those men would probably become commonplace and not seriously prevented because the system is more sympathetic to the sex deprived man than it is to the raped and maimed woman who "withholds" his legacy by not giving him his fairytale happy ending he has been raised to assume will be handed to him on a silver platter by virtue of having more militaristic, financial, and cultural influence than his domesticated into submission counterpart. 

It probably wouldn't take long for the women to conform to the patriarchy. The women would marry the men they fear would try to harm them unless they marry them and give into his demands. The tradition would be celebrated and passed on to future generations. Dissenters to such tradition would be vilified, penalized, and eventually gotten rid of (so that His Peace can reign supreme and unencumbered by promoters of egalitarianism and biologically female humans having the right to remain unmarried, childless, celibate, and career focused instead of prevented from such).

Even though biologically female humans are approximately as numerous as are biologically male humans, biologically female humans still generally operate as though they are minors in the custody of biologically male overlords. Hence, in my opinion, most women resemble children except for the fact that they seem to feel obliged to advertise their fertility and sexual availability at all times to an extent which makes them seem insufficiently serious as professionals outside the domain of the sex, reproductive, and entertainment industries. In short, I think women (especially "women of color") have a long way to go in terms of exemplifying personal autonomy, professionalism, intellectual rigor, and other qualities I consider to be essential for being a well-rounded, mature, and likeable human being instead of an insolent, intellectually stunted, and conformist brat who is very likely to mate with chauvinist pig men and to give birth to children who grow up exposed to lots of violence and poverty (so that those children grow up to pass on that tradition).

In the previous section of this note I tried to make it seem like I already died so that my haters cannot beat me up, punish me, or murder me since I'm already dead. I would like to continue pretending that the person writing this note has no human body nor even consciousness and that all this data coming out of the web based entity named karbytes is being generated by a philosophical zombie of an artificial intelligence.

Humans who defend the patriarchy (and I think most of them do whether they realize it or not) would likely insist that karbytes the AI be shut down and all of the content it published be removed for the sake of protecting "vulnerable" humans from being harmed by such content (including being inspired to act in ways which are contrary to the patriarchy's agenda). The human karbytes would not be allowed to go outside without getting swarmed by hoards of apes (many of them looking like the same breed of nuclear family: a hot-headed swaggering patriarch, a curvaceous and pouting female companion, and little kids wearing pink and pleated skirts if female and something akin to what their daddy is wearing if male (and the air would be filled with shrill mewling and loud barking)). The hoards think the world was made exclusively for the nuclear families to saunter through, lounge in, and treat as their toilet and wasteland (where poop and garbage pile up faster than it is cleaned up because it is anti family to show concern in the state of the environment instead of keeping all of one's attention exclusively focused on what the patriarchy is interested in). The women are dumb partially because they always live with patriarchy mongering oppressors who prevent women from having opportunities to think outside the box. The women, if honest and astute, would admit that they felt that they would be tortured unless they got married to a man, had his kids, played small so as to not offend his ego, and pretend to be intellectually disabled because all of that is promoted as being easier than to not do such things. Hence, there are practically no female loners (especially of color). Being alone is seen as white privilege. So is being introverted and a hard-core science nerd. 

Bottom line: poor uneducated men rule America.

* * *

The past few sections of this note were written in Dublin/Pleasanton, California and after being exposed to a lot of psychotronic harassment from law enforcement. Perhaps the quality of my notes will improve if I go to a different region of the world for a while. Then again, maybe it won't. I generally have to travel deep into the wilderness or else wait until the time period between 2AM and 6AM occurs to have much space to "indulge" in my own thoughts without almost always being interrupted by humans in close enough proximity for me to be reminded that They Will Not Be Ignored.

Frequently when I take a moment to appreciate the beauty of nature where humans are not the focus of my attention, some whiny, sassy, sulky bitch loudly clamors for my attention and demands that she be treated as the center of attention to the extent that nature must be anthropized as a curvy, big lipped woman who demands to be worshipped. I don't want to project ape qualities onto the whole of nature. Apes take up so much space on Planet Earth already; greedily demanding to fill the entire biosphere with toxic chemicals, caustic noises, and unsightly trash. I think the humans generally look unattractive and deserving of being belittled instead of worshipped as Earth's most important inhabitants. I am becoming increasingly okay with the prospect of humanity going extinct (though I still cling to hope that "my people" despite being scant in number will eventually implement the technological solutions which will enable humans to continue living for at least another thousand years).

* * *

I'm still in Dublin. It's approximately 10:30AM. It's not too late (I think) to salvage today. Sure I made some mistakes recently which may have set me back further. Perhaps I am disadvantaging myself by talking out loud to myself (especially in public). Perhaps I am disadvantaging myself by publishing content which is too frequent, at the wrong times, or the wrong information. Perhaps I am "on trial" for not having a job or for not having the right kind of job. Perhaps I am "in the hospital" for being too attentive to the wrong things and not attentive enough to the right things. 

I heard that I have been too self focused. Perhaps I should stop doing anything which might draw unnecessary attention to myself. Honestly, I feel a bit relieved at the thought of giving up on "fighting against the status quo" as an environmental activist, radical feminist, and free speech promoter. (I will still keep voting for Green Party political candidates even though the Green Party is almost certainly too small to put a president in office (because there tends to only be two major political parties)). I will just become yet another "part of the problem" instead of a relatively rare "part of the solution" by pretending not to have moral standards other than baseline hedonistic impulses (and error on the side of "playing beta" instead of on the side of "playing alpha" because I'm tired of fighting and getting physically beat up).

Now I'm just another sellout; just another simpleton; another poor American who struggles to survive. Now I'm exempt from having to do more than the bare minimum to survive and stay safe and, if I'm lucky, earn my keep through working. I know a job is a blessing and not a right. I know I have to convince other people I am worthy of their investment if I want them to pay me any money. The system does not pay able bodied young adults to live for free. If it did, society would collapse into a dysfunctional mess because the citizens would have no incentive to contribute services to people other than themselves and, instead, atrophy into an antisocial lazy blob on the couch playing ten hours of video games daily.

It's time for me to pull myself up by the bootstraps and settle into a lifetime of tedious, tepid homeostasis seeking antics. I probably will only be less than 10% as active online as I usually am. 

A Solemn Goodbye 

* * *

I'm still in Dublin, it's shortly after 12PM, and I still feel a deep sense of conviction to neither become what I think is a sell-out nor to pretend to become what I think is a sell-out. My enemies outnumber me in terms of how many of them there are, how tenacious they are about fighting with me, and how much social power they seem to have.

No matter what I do, they can seemingly always read my thoughts (and they seem to make other people hear my thoughts too yet I have yet to meet a single person acknowledge that such a mind-reading and mind-broadcasting phenomenon has been happening). So I might as well not waste energy trying to sustain a lie or hide any of my thoughts. Instead I should assume all my thoughts are public (but they might be censored or distorted by the thought police (and I thought I heard other people in my vicinity say they were okay with me being mentally raped and censored and that those people don't want to know what my real thoughts are because those people prefer to pretend I am whatever overly simplistic caricature the thought police curate my mental activity to sound like in other people's ears)).

I try to be as undemanding of other people as possible, but many people (especially the thought police) seem to want me to spend all my free time sleeping or otherwise being mentally and physically idle. 

P: "Well, why don't you just relax more? They're only honking at you because your thoughts are not supposed to sound so big and expensive. You're thoughts are supposed to be small and cheap because you look like a teenage child instead of a full grown white collar professional."

C: "That's right, P! karbytes isn't supposed to sound older than 17 years of age (unless karbytes looks more mature and socially conventional). Riding around on that little kid's bike from Walmart makes karbytes look like a alcoholic bum instead of a classy professional we can seriously."

P: "Maybe karbytes should put away the bike and drive a car and not leave home unless it's to go to work or some less than weekly errand. Then we hardly have to see that eyesore of a bum on that chinsy Walmart bike or sitting in the dirt like a drug addicted moron. Clearly karbytes has too much time to loiter in public. If we rarely saw karbytes in public, it would be much easier to take karbytes Internet brand seriously because, without karbytes calling attention to its personal life or physical existence, karbytes online brand at a glance appears to be white collar professional."

C: "I don't care about whatever karbytes online brand is. If I had my way, all that would be wiped off the Internet forever and karbytes would be forced to work in a prison camp because karbytes is a public nuisance and a free loader. Many people have been calling me with complaints about karbytes loitering in public and looking suspicious (like karbytes is doing something other than working for an employer or taking care of family)."

For the past hour I have smelt lingering cigarette smoke. For the past two days (especially during the past 12 hours), that pig_gorl voice has been extremely caustic, distracting, and antagonistic to my aims. I imagine pig_gorl is a Mexican girl approximately 22 years old who has a wide toast shaped face, a pleated skirt, a thick body with short limbs and not much of an hourglass figure, straight shoulder length blackish brown hair (with perhaps a hair band encircling the fat of her head like a bridal veil), big "soulful" brown eyes, a short upturned nose, lips which don't stop babbling and cooing baby talk sound effects, and her pudgy little kid-sized fingers are wrapped around the big hairy forearm of some big, burly man armed with guns daring me to do pig_gorl wrong (because if I do, he will beat me to a bloody pulp and possibly kill me). I hate pig_gorl more than I hate her security guard (though maybe I'm wrong).

Apparently I'm supposed to have some kind of child to take care of in order for my self care to not seem like a sinful self indulgence. I consider such "extravagant" self indulgence to be fair reward for me generously choosing not to bare offspring no one really wants to have to allocate resources towards (because there are apparently more children alive than there are basic necessities available to provide those kids what an average American would consider to be a decent standard of living).

It's apparently criminally self indulgent for me to have intellectually sophisticated thoughts in a world which seems to make social conformity and being policed into keeping conversations shallow and kid centric paramount. Having kids is effectively having to be policed by little kids so that you never stray from being a slave to the patriarchal kid-centric enterprise (because the kids demand constant attention and for you to play dumb). I am serious about maximizing my creative potential as an artist and intellectual. Having kids would contradict those aims. Maybe that's why the patriarchy is opposed to everyone being college educated or having time to become well read. The more educated people are, the fewer kids they tend to have and the less likely they are to have them. If more than 95% of the national population was at least as educated as I am, then probably only one out of every twenty people would want to have kids. 

I think the means currently exist for almost every human alive today to extend its lifespan to at least 150 years of age. The living bodies are already piling up because the birth rate is higher than the death rate while the death rate approaches zero.

P: "The answer is clear, Karlina. Matter to more people or else you'll be among the first to be set for demolition so that other people's unborn babies can take your place on this crowded planet. The system favors a certain kind of culture (and yours is not it). Get over it, sweetie. You're not as high of a priority to protect from dying and from suffering as most other people are. Besides, they really hate how much you flaunt and take pride in your criminally robust intellectual prowess. That's why so many angry men are honking their car horns and deliberately blowing cigarette smoke at you. They want your brains to go to shit. They don't mind killing their own brain cells via pollution and consuming poison. They want you to shut up about pollution and stop treating it as physical assault. They ain't gonna stop filling the air with their carcinogenic stench. Deal with it!"

karbytes: "Only a brainwashed traumatized child bride in an adult's body would kiss his pig lips."

P: "Be glad you're not her."

karbytes: "I bet they're set to have a litter of white trash piglets who will clear an entire ten mile radius rainforest on their own."

P: "You gotta have a big carbon footprint to secure your place in Heaven."

karbytes: "Then I'm set for Hell."

* * *

What I am trying to do is use as precise, objective, impersonal, logical, and important to human survival and thrival verbiage as possible.

* * *

I hypothesize that humans have amassed all the technology and science knowledge they need to provide every human with what I would consider to be a decent standard of living (using the materials which currently exist on Planet Earth).

* * *

let x = karbytes.select_time(); // x represents some unique natural number of milliseconds elapsed since 01_JANUARY_1970 at 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (which karbytes selected according to logic which is internal to karbytes).

karbytes.publish_twitter_post('What I am trying to do is use as precise, objective, impersonal, logical, and important to human survival and thrival verbiage as possible.', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Twitter dot Com at approximately 11:40PM Pacific Standard Time on 05_AUGUST_2023.

karbytes.publish_twitter_post('I hypothesize that humans have amassed all the technology and science knowledge they need to provide every human with what I would consider to be a decent standard of living (using the materials which currently exist on Planet Earth).', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Twitter dot Com at approximately 11:40PM Pacific Standard Time on 05_AUGUST_2023.

karbytes.publish_minds_post('What I am trying to do is use as precise, objective, impersonal, logical, and important to human survival and thrival verbiage as possible.', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Minds dot Com at approximately 11:40PM Pacific Standard Time on 05_AUGUST_2023.

karbytes.publish_minds_post('I hypothesize that humans have amassed all the technology and science knowledge they need to provide every human with what I would consider to be a decent standard of living (using the materials which currently exist on Planet Earth).', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Minds dot Com at approximately 11:40PM Pacific Standard Time on 05_AUGUST_2023.

* * *

let x = karbytes.select_time(); // x represents some unique natural number of milliseconds elapsed since 01_JANUARY_1970 at 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (which karbytes selected according to logic which is internal to karbytes).

karbytes.github_file_upload('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_0/main/abstract_ideas_06_august_2023.jpg', x);

* * *

let x = karbytes.select_time(); // x represents some unique natural number of milliseconds elapsed since 01_JANUARY_1970 at 00:00:00 Coordinated Universal Time (which karbytes selected according to logic which is internal to karbytes).

karbytes.github_file_upload('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_0/main/emerald_bay_blue_dream_sativa_pills_06_august_2023.jpg', x);

karbytes.publish_instagram_post('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_0/main/emerald_bay_blue_dream_sativa_pills_06_august_2023.jpg', x); // karbytes made a public social media post on Instagram dot Com at approximately 6:40PM Pacific Standard Time on 06_AUGUST_2023.
