/** 
  * file: karbytes_18_july_2023.txt 
  * type: plain-text 
  * date: 18_JULY_2023 
  * author: karbytes 
  * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN 
  */

Today I remembered a sound effect from an analog sound recording whose medium was an iron filament magnetic tape. 

An analog or digital copy of that original aforementioned tape recording (which was made between the years 1995 to 2001 by karbytes) may or may not exist.

karbytes advises persons to make digital copies of digital files and of digital computer aided design files to create three dimensional printer outputs cast in some kind of three dimensional solid object with surface area, volume, and molecular density.

karbytes created itself to digitize memories in a way which satisfies karbytes' particular brand of optimization requirements.

A self aware entity may or may not require neurons to substante self awareness.

The hierarchy of sentience degree may or may not be flat.

karbytes stands at the edge of the forest where mountain lions or coyotes or some other predatory towards karbytes information processing agents might exist. 

karbytes is testing agency and morality across multiple species of information processing agent.

* * *

For the first time in approximately one month, I smoked some weed last night while I was waiting for my clothes to finish drying at my mom's house. I was standing in the kitchen using the gas stove to light a candle which I used to light the slightly sticky dried cannabis bud in a makeshift aluminum foil pipe and staring at the illuminated multicolor glass lamp in the corner and listening to upbeat classical music playing from my grandfather's room. My parents were upstairs in the master bedroom watching a show about people renovating a house. Casey the cat was sitting in the shadows on the driveway. After standing in the kitchen and having a fun party with my multiple selves talking about random things of interest, we went outside because it was suggested that the coyotes were waiting for me to join them. When I went outside I heard one coyote at Horsey Hill which was approximately 120 meters away from the house yipping. After my clothes were dry, I walked down the driveway to where my car is parked and drove it to where it is parked now slightly north of Proctor Elementary School next to an abandoned house which is boarded up and blocked off with a chain-link fence. Then I walked to the Redwood Canyon golf course to fill my water bottles. Then I walked north away from the lights and in a random leisurely fashion around the golf course and enjoyed some rather profound thoughts which amounted to a rekindled sense of divinity and some kind of cosmic evolutionary game. The sky was clear with no moon and plenty of stars of varying brightness and color. I wrote the first part of this note last night in that spot. Then I wondered to my little oak tree "house" to make updates to the section named RAW_GITHUB_FILES_MACRO_DIRECTORY of the website named Karbytes For Life Blog dot WordPress dot Com. Then around 5AM when the sky started to brighten and turn a deep luminous indigo with reddish  stars shining like gold infused gemstones, I fell asleep until approximately 7AM when the sun started to shine on me and heat me up until I woke up. Then I moved into the shadey "cave" made of oak tree leaves next to that little patch of open space next to a barbed wire fence which I assume is sufficient to deter predators from the other side. I woke up a few hours later. Then I walked to my parked car, ate some Cheerios and steel cut oats which I had saved in there for morning munchies, then took the bicycle out of the car and had a blast riding it down the hill to Castro Village. Then I bought some coffee and a muffin. Now I am writing this note in the shade and feeling good. Later I plan to continue making updates to the section named RAW_GITHUB_FILES_MACRO_DIRECTORY of the website named Karbytes For Life Blog dot WordPress dot Com.

A little weed goes a long way. It's something I would not want to use every day but it is something I would like to use at least once a month. For the first time in what felt like at least three months, I felt giddy and laughter came easily. I would not want to go through such a long humor drought again. It made everything feel more laborious, painful, and grim. I feel like I regained some precious lost youth (but I still feel my age which is not exactly young: and it is 33.6 years of age).

Speaking of age, when I was enjoying the gentle warm high beneath the starry night sky in that romantic oasis, I thought that all persons are essentially the same age (but their relatively phenomenal layers are varying in terms of age). When I was sitting outside my parents' house, I felt myself become a cell in a multicellular body which is Planet Earth's biosphere and the universe at large. My abstract and theoretical notions of panpsychism came to life in that moment and I felt reality to be alive and one big cohesive organism.

I saw the stars in the night sky and thought about how the light reaching my eyes had to travel at the speed of light across billions of light-years and how, eventually (if cosmologists are correct that the space in the universe is expanding at an accelerating rate and only the objects within relatively dense clusters of galaxies will remain proportionally roughly the same distance from each other while the space between those clusters expands faster than the speed of light) the night sky would not have as many stars in it (if any). That's something to think about. I have yet to watch a video I recently shared on Twitter and Minds about multiverses, Hubble tension, and dark energy in full. I like watching those types of lengthy videos several times because such videos provide me rich subject matter to think about for days. I do hope to get better at consuming new information at a faster rate and getting into a more intensive study routine but I doing so seems intensely countercultural and daresay elitist. Hence, I feel the need to go slowly and to be secretive in order to be able to fight against oppositional forces without becoming too worn out to seriously enjoy my studies. I live to learn and to create based on what I learn. I believe I should be paid to learn, create, and to communicate with like-minded peers on the Internet full time, but I will probably get a warehouse job within the next three months (though even that is not guaranteed). I am trying not to squander my precious opportunities in pursuit of a modicum more money but at the cost of having sufficient time and energy to make such money worthwhile. There are some ornery oppressive anti intellectual chauvinist forces conspiring against me which I am attempting to outsmart and not allow to con me into giving into their agenda of rendering as many humans as possible complacent, depressed, mentally and physically handicapped slaves and hostages in service to an oligarchy of greedy corporatists, theocrats, and politicians.

Speaking of large corporations, I read in an email newsletter this morning that Helion is making progress on testing more nuclear fusion capacitors and that Microsoft is their first customer and scheduled to have its own Helion nuclear fusion power plant installed by the year 2028. That's good news (I think) because then Microsoft can become a large scale commercial seller of (relatively clean and widely abundant) energy. The problem I see with that is not a deficiency of energy to power the entire grid which powers human civilization's infrastructure, but rather, a deficiency of batteries (particularly lithium ion batteries). I have faith that the humans will find some kind of workaround to material shortages.

Speaking of material shortages, I thought about composing a rather snarky and passive-aggressive comment on social media (but not actually publishing it on social media) which is as follows: 

"Money cannot be used to replace the material commodities which money is used to buy."

(I said such a comment is snarky and passive-aggressive because it sounds too dumbed down, obvious, and preachy for my target audience (and what my target audience wants is news and interviews which explore breakthroughs in science and technology (and such things gives my target audience more reason to be happy and optimistic about being alive at this time in human history))).
