/**
* file: karbytes_24_july_2023.txt
* type: plain-text
* date: 24_JULY_2023
* author: karbytes
* license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
*/

On 24_JULY_2023 at approximately 2:02AM Pacific Standard Time, karbytes posted a link to the web page named karbytes_23AndMe_Ancestry_Data (on the website named Karbytes For Life Blog dot WordPress dot Com) to karbytes' Twitter page, karbytes' Minds page, karbytes' LinkedIn page, and karbytes' Patreon page.

On 24_JULY_2023 at approximately 1:30PM Pacific Standard Time, karbytes re-tweeted and re-minded the social media post with a follow-up social media post as follows:

re-published social media post:

Quantum entanglement of ions inside of quantum computer hardware can be set up such that an information exchange bidirectional (and hence N-directional) digital-to-analog-to-digital signal transmission across spatial lengths between regions of space which accelerate away from each other faster than the speed of light. Then omniscience is almost achieved! 

new social media post commenting on the re-published social media post:

It is hypothesized that it is possible for quantum signal transmission between two computers to occur instantaneously (even if those two computers are traveling away from each other faster than the speed of light due to expansion of space-time) if those computers contain ions which are in quantum entanglement with each other (such that, when computer A updates its ion, computer B updates its ion (given that those two ions are in quantum entanglement with each other)).

* * *

I feel a bit awkward about telling other people that I have a preferred set of pronouns to be called by those people. It seems like me attempting to exert too much control over other people's thoughts and speech. Hence, I will not "correct" people if they call me a pronoun or name which I do not like to be referred to as. If someone asks me what my preferred pronouns are I will say that I have none and that I do not mind being called karbytes or any other name. I am not sure whether I will ever get to a point in my life where people assume I am male but I intend to keep presenting myself as a man in terms of clothing and behavior (but I think I might not be manly enough according to the mainstream to be considered a real man). Some people think I should simply be referred to as a woman. Some people think that I am ashamed to be a woman because of how I was educated. Some people might think I am trying to use testosterone and other markers of manliness to achieve more than I would otherwise in the domains of interest I am interested in succeeding in. I would say that the previous sentence is the most accurate of all the sentences in this paragraph.

R: "Are you a boy or a girl?"

karbytes: "What do you think I am?"

R: "A girl, but you have a really deep voice. So I don't know what you are."

karbytes: "Take your pick."

R: "Enough with the bullshit. Tell me which of the two sexes you are."

karbytes: "Well, I do have two X chromosomes and I was not ever diagnosed as being intersex. Hence, I would say that I am biologically female."

R: "Biologically? Why not just say female?!"

karbytes: "I prefer to present myself to the public and even to myself in private as a man instead of as a woman; but I do not want to make it look like I am hiding the fact that I was biologically determined to be a non intersex female human by medical professionals the day I was born (if not sooner)."

R: "What's the matter? You don't want to have big boobs and wear dresses?"

karbytes: "No. I don't like that aesthetic on myself."

R: "Do you like that aesthetic on others?"

karbytes: "Not really. I like androgyny."

R: "You're just a little kid then. You just want everyone to look and to act like kids."

karbytes: "I think humans over value sexual reproduction and making everything revolve around it, but that does not mean I am anti-sex or opposed to humans sexually reproducing. I just think androgyny is much sexier than being highly polarized to only one gender."

R: "I caught you masturbating to hentai girls with large breasts and thick asses. Don't tell me you are only attracted to androgyny."

karbytes: "You raise a very interesting point I have not had much of an opportunity to address until you made doing so seem relevant. Emotionally, mentally, spiritually I have a craving for androgyny and I am able to get erotic pleasure from it. But if I want to bust a nut quickly and reliably, I go to my imagination hentai porn stash because that is what helps me get an orgasm the quickest so I can move onto more tasteful and less trashy and, quite frankly, less depressing subject matter."

R: "You think hentai girls or women who look like them are depressing?"

karbytes: "My reflex is to assume yes. I would not want to be them. They look like they were heavily domesticated to be little more than dumb, weak, fragile sex toys to ravish and ridicule as having such a singular 'purpose'."

R: "You are a misogynist and because you think women don't enjoy having large tits and asses and dressing in erotic and/or effeminate attire."

karbytes: "I cannot put myself in the place of one of those people without feeling morbidly depressed and wanting to run away to become me."

R: "Then stop masturbating to those kinds of femmes. The only people who should masturbate to those femmes are people who identify as being those femmes at a non-phenotypal level. Otherwise, you are basically getting off on enslaving women to be your sex slaves and abuse victims."

karbytes: "My ability to be sexually aroused has been diminished a lot as I have done more introspection on the matter. What is left is me feeling fundamentally asexual. Now I see that I have only gotten erotically aroused by parts rather than whole humans and aroused even by non anthropomorphic phenomena such as mere textures, inanimate shapes (especially liquid with luminscent qualities), and smells. Succinctly speaking, I seem to get a let down when I focus on sexual activities (especially those committed by humans) because it just seems sad, intellectually vacant, and like being demonically posessed instead of being more thoughtful and humane."

R: "Then you're too young to enter the club which has pole dancing and lap dancers."

karbytes: "No I'm not. I am 33 years old and, if I went, I could sure pretend to enjoy every second of being in there. The inside of me would be amused at how militantly dumbed down and sex obsessed and easily amused my fellow humans expect humans to be."

R: "Why would you even want to go then?"

karbytes: "I would go just to cross it off my list of things I have yet to do. I would do it just to know what it is like from firsthand experience (and as me in particular) rather than watching someone else's experience in such a setting. I am not sure how I would be treated there, but I imagine that the ladies would treat me as just another dude and I would do my best to make it look like I am having a good time and I would do my best to act like a 'normal' guy sans the disrespect and trying to show off to impress the ladies and other dudes. I would basically be some shy nerdy guy who the ladies think is sweet and maybe even creepy but not intentionally so (and not someone they would get threatening vibes from). I think other guys would pick on me and say I look like I have a small dick."

R: "Would you fight back physically or verbally?"

karbytes: "No. I have seen firsthand how much people seem to intentionally provoke violence or verbal fights. I would rather pretend to be mentally retarded or naive and not particularly reactive to what those bullies are doing to me."

R: "If you are not interested in having biological offspring, people will treat you like your life matters less than that of someone who has procured biological children."

karbytes: "I understand and I accept that. I am doing my best to live as well as I can within such circumstances. Even though I am reprimanded for being selfish, I do my best to be fair to myself and others and to avoid unnecessary conflicts and other things which I think are a waste of my resources. I do not think my happiness has to come at the expense of other people's happiness but I do prefer to eliminate people who I think are seriously detrimental to my happiness."

R: "Do you have plans to harm or to kill anyone?"

karbytes: "No. I do not think it is morally correct to intentionally try to hurt other people for revenge (but I reserve the right to hurt people only as a means of preventing further violence but never as revenge)."

R: "Normal people justify revenge. Why don't you?"

karbytes: "I find violence and revenge driven behavior to be depressing."

R: "No woman would go out with a man who would not beat the shit out of someone who hurts her."

karbytes: "I see. And I am not interested in going out with a woman."

* * *

R: "No man wants to go out with you either because you do not do enough to make him feel supported because you are so selfish and appear not to need him for anything."

karbytes: "Humans depend on other humans for their survival unless they are adept lone survivalists who hunt and forage for food. I consider myself to be both a contributor of community provisions and a user of community provisions (and that community encompasses more than a thousand human individuals instead of to a microeconomy no larger than five people). I am not interested in getting into a committed relationship with some designated other person nor am I interested in procuring nor to raising children. I expect to only make enough money to support myself and hardly more than $100 per year to give away to charity. Of course I expect patriarchal, heteronormative, breeder-centric society to treat me as a delinquent and someone to ignore, ostracize, antagonize, and disenfranchise (but I still do not think my impact on such a society is very noticeable on a large scale). Of course I do not think any human is really less self-serving than I am. I think that those other humans are just better at hiding their self-interest under a guise of appearing to be very focused on serving and being egoistically enmeshed with what they deem to be significant others. What makes me different than most people is that I prefer to be a household of one forever and to associate with people in a way which is relatively non-hierarchal (instead of hierarchal and totem-pole-like), relatively impersonal (instead of emotionally and sexually intimate), and relatively professional (instead of familial)."

R: "You sound like you just want to be a child forever instead of grow up and fight for a good position in society. Grownups have to fight for everything and having to struggle to obtain and to keep everything they hold dear gives them the right to brag and to relax. You have no such rights because you do not participate in the struggle whcih unites us normal people."

karbytes: "Unless humans get their act together on a large enough scale sufficiently quickly, Planet Earth might become uninhabitable to humans within the next 300 years. Right now it is unclear to me whether humans are more likely to get their act together in time or whether they are not going to succeed at that endeavor (but I do think that assuming that they will succeed makes it more likely that they will and, also, such optimism helps me experience better health than I otherwise would). I try not to worry about things which I appear to have no control over and, instead, I attempt to focus on what I apparently can control and what I want to control so that I have something to do which feels worthwhile to me instead of merely watching the passage of time as a passive observer. I would rather treat my life as a video game in which I am the only playable character which I currently have control over rather than treat my life as a movie which I am forced to watch as a passive observer who has no control over how the events in my life play out."

R: "Good for you! Now run off to the arcade and let us adults enjoy the hookah lounge in peace."

karbytes: "Gladly! See you later!"

* * *

I decided to publish the following tweet on my Twitter page and then as a screenshot with copied text onto my Minds page:

At this time in my life, I would rather treat my life as a video game in which I am the only playable character which I currently have control over rather than treat my life as a movie which I am forced to watch as a passive observer who has no control over how the events in my life play out.
