/** 
  * file: karbytes_16_july_2023.txt 
  * type: plain-text 
  * date: 16_JULY_2023 
  * author: karbytes 
  * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN 
  */

Today karbytes updated its resume (which is the file named kar_beringer_resume_july_2023.txt in the public GitHub repository named KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_0 in the GitHub user account named karlinarayberinger). What karbytes speficially updated is the Education section of its resume (which is identical to the following text):

Education 

California State University East Bay (Hayward, CA) 
Major: Computer Science (01 September 2012 - 15 April 2016)

Chabot-Las Positas Community College (Hayward and Livermore, CA) 
Major: Computer Science (01 June 2009 - 31 August 2012)

Castro Valley High School (Castro Valley, CA)
Graduated with High School Diploma (01 September 2004 - 01 June 2008)

Today karbytes also uploaded that updated resume to its Indeed dot Com job search profile and karbytes also updated the education section of its Indeed dot Com profile and the education section of its LinkedIn profile such that the updated Linked In profile section matches the following text:

Education

California State University 
California State University - East Bay
Some College, Computer Science Sep 2012 - Apr 2016
Senior Level Undergraduate

Las Positas College 
Some College, Computer Science Jun 2009 - Aug 2012
Lower Division Undergraduate

Castro Valley High School 
High School Diploma Sep 2004 - Jun 2008
Graduated

* * *

Today karbytes uploaded its current default profile picture to GitHub (which is the file named kar_beringer_profile_picture_26_may_2023.jpeg in the public GitHub repository named KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_0 in the GitHub user account named karlinarayberinger). That picture is karbytes' profile picture on its LinkedIn dot Com profile and on its Dice dot com profile.

karbytes updated its Dice profile such that its desired job role was changed from data entry clerk to quality assurance tester with a preferred hourly rate of $20 for Full-time and Contract-W2. karbytes also added each of its jobs and schools which are listed on its resume to that Dice profile and karbytes also added links to its Twitter, LinkedIn, and personal website (i.e. Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com).

* * *

During the past two weeks I have eaten food from the Gotta Eatta Pita restaurant in Pleasanton which I used to work at (and I typically order a falafel bowl with a pita bread on the side and then I usually go to the Starbucks across the street to buy a large coffee to pair with the food). While in Dublin, I usually get most of my food from the Whole Foods Market though there are two Safeway's which are within a reasonable biking distance (but I found that Safeway is not significantly cheaper than Whole Foods Market is for purchasing the items I typically purchase). 

Last night I slept for approximately 3 hours on the other side of the tall cement wall of the narrow backyard with a fake green grass strip lawn in it and a large two story model home which used to be filled with furniture and with its lamps and room lighting turned on at night (because that house was a model home but has since been emptied of its furniture and left dark at night) where I had the dreams I wrote about in the file which I recently added to this GitHub repository named unlisted_web_page_KARBYTES_JOURNAL_2022_ENTRY_220K.html. When I woke up this morning I saw some rather disturbing things next to me which seemed to fit the macabre themes of that area based on the dreams, shroom trips, and thoughts I had in that spatial region during the past two years: two furry white bunny feet attached to leg bones which were still wet and which looked like plant stems and pieces of a small skull and lower jaw with teeth in it. Last night I saw one of the bunny feet and thought it was a piece of the fresh lion's mane mushrooms I bought which I thought fell out of the plastic container they were purchased in. I lost my appetite for those mushrooms after seeing how close my stuff and my body was to those relatively fresh remains of a bunny. I did not eat them because I thought they might have become contaminated with germs from being exposed to many places I have gone which seemed a bit dirty along with the hot temperatures.

Speaking of hot temperatures, I remember a brief part of a dream last night which also seemed to fit the macabre themes I just described as yet another puzzle piece in whatever that "DMT space" puzzle is. I do not remember many of the details of last night's dreams (but I do remember having dreams that were quite eventful and emotionally significant). The part I remember which seems to fit what I think is most relevant for me to talk about (and then shut up about for a while) is global climate change caused by human activity (and other issues related to environmental and ecosystems stability as a result of detrimental human interference of such systems). I remember some callous cartoon character which appeared to be little more than a big talking mouth with big scary square shaped teeth saying, "It's not my air to breathe, so it's not my problem," seemingly in response to me imploring it to be more concerned about the welfare of its own children in regards to the worsening state of Earth's biosphere and that character's indifference and adamant denial that human activity is seriously detrimental to the Earth's biosphere and even to the survival of the human species. (I think that talking mouth was saying something about it not expecting to survive for more than seventy years and being glad to die long before the air becomes too hot and polluted to comfortably inhabit).

In "real life", I think that there is a disturbingly high prevalence of people (especially Americans) who staunchly deny that there are serious environmental issues caused by human activity (and I think such people are desperate to remain in a state of denial about how bad things really are so that they do not have some kind of very uncomfortable panic attack which seems to have no solution other than committing suicide quickly and without notifying anyone prior to committing suicide). Such people tend to be "too poor" or too dependent on belonging to certain kinds of social groups to adopt more environmentally friendly and animal welfare friendly practices. So rather than face up to how destructive their ways of life are to other sentient beings (including their own children and themselves), I think that such people would rather believe that climate change is a big fear mongering hoax implemented by liberal extremists because making environmentalists out to be silly caricatures makes it easier to dismiss such people as having nothing of value to say so that the people can go on merely polluting the environment, torturing and slaughtering animals, and perpetuating the marginalization of people who are not part of their privileged gated community oasises.

The world I woke up to this morning sort of looked like it was on a different planet in some creepy utopia where the people looked like generic robots by the way they moved without deviating from their stereotypical mechanizations (and the way there were so many rich, fit looking heterosexual couples with exactly one dog a piece like there were copy pasted with slight alterations) with reddish cirrus clouds covering large portions of the otherwise faint blue sky and large sprawling green lawns and smooth paved pathways near and through the park which was opened in September 2022 named Don Biddle community park. I don't mean to insult anyone. I'm merely pointing out what I observed and what I remember thinking and feeling at the time. I felt like an intruder hiding in the grass who people might have seen and knew was there (because I think people know about me and have an idea of what my habits and motivations are) and people seem to know that I am relatively harmless; just an alien doing its little field research projects passing through and collecting goodies along the way.

As I wrote this note, a little ladybug landed on my laptop and then it crawled onto my hand. I let the ladybug crawl off onto my water bottle. There are lots of little black ants traveling by but thankfully not very many have been traveling on me. Last night I remember seeing and hearing a lot of crickets. 

* * *

I decided to share an article which appeared in my Mozilla Firefox Pocket news feed whose URL is as follows on my Twitter and Minds pages:

https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-11-03/the-case-against-leaf-blowers

When I tried saving URL to the WayBack Machine, the resulted web page capture did not display the full text of that article. Hence, I decided to copy and paste the text of that article into this plain-text note as follows:

The Devil's Hair Dryer

Hell is other people, with leaf blowers.

By David Dudley
November 3, 2016 at 8:00 AM EDT

A bunch of neighbors were sitting around the other night, talking yard work, and the conversation returned to a frequent target: a certain ex-neighbor, now long gone, who was unduly fond of his leaf blower. This is a familiar tale, how he tormented the block every autumn weekend chasing leaves around his small yard with his shrieking machine, leaving behind the lingering stench of gasoline fumes and resentment. I never met this fellow—he moved out before I moved in—but his legacy is secure: He is The Asshole With the Leaf Blower.

Perhaps that’s redundant. The tragedy of the leaf blower is that it makes assholes of us all, users and neighbors alike. The aggressively un-civil nature of these devices is the stuff of legend, especially here at Atlantic Media, where The Atlantic’s esteemed national correspondent, James Fallows, has led an epic campaign against the Leaf Blower Menace. Those who want to explore all the moral and environmental arguments should consult his deep body of advocacy first. But the short version goes like this:

The crude little two-stroke engines used by most commercial backpack-style blowers are pollution bombs. “Simplest benchmark: running a leafblower for 30 minutes creates more emissions than driving a F-150 pickup truck 3800 miles,” Fallows writes. “About one-third of the gasoline that goes into this sort of engine is spewed out, unburned, in an aerosol mixed with oil in the exhaust.” 

Those emissions—plus all the other fine-particulate crap that the blowers kick up—constitute a public health hazard for anyone in the vicinity, but especially for the poor bastard running the thing. In most cities and suburbs, those most afflicted are low-wage employees of landscaping companies, not residents or homeowners.

SWEET JESUS THE NOISE GAAH MAKE IT STOP. A gas blower at full cry can exceed a 100 decibels for the operator (OSHA requires hearing protections at 85), as these Sacramento blower foes explain, and it carries for hundreds of feet in every direction, irritating all who dwell therein.

Adrian Higgins, the Washington Post’s gardening columnist, explored why this noise is so noisome in a recent thoughtful appraisal of the hated practice. “There is a weird human phenomenon at work here: Sound is far less irritating to its creator than to its recipient,” he writes. He cites the work of Erica Walker, a doctoral candidate at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health who undertook a survey of more than 1,000 Boston-area residents and made hundreds of ambient sound readings to come up with her comprehensive 2016 Greater Boston Noise Report. Leaf blowers emerged as prime offenders in this document, particularly in the area’s outlying suburbs.

Other people who tend to complain about leaf blowers live next to (or attend) schools and universities, which doesn’t bode well for the quality of the learning going on in there. “Anecdotally, there are many teachers who have written to me discussing how campus lawn and garden maintenance activities disrupt their classroom instruction,” Walker tells me via email. “Some have had to stop class because students can’t hear their lecture.”

Noise pollution is particularly harmful for children, as decades of public health studies have demonstrated, and most efforts to silence the din of gas-powered blowers have focused on their auditory toll. Campaigns to forbid leaf blowers have been successfully waged from Long Island to South Pasadena*, many led by a national nonprofit, Quiet Communities, which has a mission to “promote clean, sustainable, and quiet outdoor maintenance practices.” One progressive solution proffered by commercial landscapers with eco-minded clients: high-tech battery-powered blowers like this bad boy, which costs as much as a (crappy) used car and runs for an hour on its lithium battery, but makes a bit less noise and a lot less smog.

You could also use, you know, a freaking rake, like the pioneers did. (Or learn to mulch.) But let’s be honest: We as Americans have set certain landscaping expectations for our office parks, our median strips, and our suburban yards, and it involves blowing. Ours is a nation too vast to be groomed by hand tools. So we must learn to co-exist with these man-machine hybrids, the Blower Guys, as they roam the grasslands, blasting organic debris before them with their mighty nozzles. (A little-discussed complication to the arguments of anti-blower partisans: Like ripping an awesome burnout or firing a machine gun at a roadside gun range in Las Vegas, wielding a pro-grade leaf blower can be a wasteful-but-satisfying projection of power. It’s akin to being some kind of ancient wind deity.)

One might wonder why we’ve chosen to make our homes in places that cannot be maintained without annoying each other so flagrantly. Perhaps this goes to the troubled heart of the suburban promise: These are environments conceived as peaceful respites from human disorder, places predicated on the assumption that other people are fundamentally irritants. And when we move there, we discover just how true that can be.

*CORRECTION: An earlier version of this piece incorrectly identified this city as Pasadena.

* * *

I decided to share links to the following YouTube videos on my Twitter and Minds pages:

video_0_URL: https://youtu.be/2v7LBABwZKA
video_0_title: Karl Friston: The "Meta" Free Energy Principle [PART 1!]
video_0_source: Theories of Everything with Curt Jaimungal

video_1_URL: https://youtu.be/5pOpcCT6AmY
video_1_title: Multiverses, Hubble Tension, Dark Energy | Dick Bond 
video_1_source: Theories of Everything with Curt Jaimungal

video_2_URL: https://youtu.be/CmieNQH7Q4w
video_2_title:  Donald Hoffman: The Nature of Consciousness [Technical] 
video_2_source: Theories of Everything with Curt Jaimungal

* * *

In some places I have been hanging out in, I noticed that pig_gorl is extra obnoxious (i.e. louder, shriller, and fiestier). When I tried listening to the videos I mentioned in the previous section of this note, pig_gorl started throwing a tantrum in an attempt to distract me from what I was trying to listen to which strays outside the bounds of what pig_gorl seems okay with me paying attention to. I noticed civilians appearing to mimic pig_gorl's aversion of the kinds of intellectual topics I am interested in and which pertain to the subject matter featured in Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com in favor of oppressively coercing me to exclusuvely focus on what I find to be relatively banal and trivial topics such as superficial appearance and the jealousy of people who are not as "privileged" as I am. A significant amount of my time and energy is spent on me attempting to avoid being sabotaged by such people (and they generally seem to outnumber me wherever I go and seem to include most of the thought police force which surveils me constantly and which bombards me with disruptive and suggestive stimuli constantly).
