/** 
  * file: karbytes_12_july_2023.txt 
  * type: plain-text 
  * date: 12_JULY_2023 
  * author: karbytes 
  * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN 
  */

Today karbytes created an updated version of its resume and uploaded it to the GitHub repository which contains this note (and that resume file is named kar_beringer_resume_july_2023.txt). 

karbytes also replaced its current resume file on its Indeed dot Com profile with kar_beringer_resume_july_2023.txt and also created a Dice dot Com account featuring kar_beringer_resume_july_2023.txt.

karbytes started submitting job applications for various jobs starting yesterday including a contract data entry clerk job which is onsite in downtown Oakland near a BART station.

* * *

karbytes changed its LinkedIn profile description from Web Author to Information Technology Specialist and set its latest job from current job to being complete as of this month. (That job was not mentioned in kar_beringer_resume_july_2023.txt. Hence, that job description is mentioned in this note in the next two paragraphs).

Web Author
Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com · Self-employed · Apr 2020 - Jul 2023 · 3 yrs 4 mos · San Francisco, California, United States · Remote

The sole authorship and management of the philosophy and computer science website named Karlina Object dot WordPress dot ComThe sole authorship and management of the philosophy and computer science website named Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com
Skills: HTML5 · C++ · Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) · Digital Media · JavaScript

* * *

I stopped applying for data entry clerk jobs once I saw that all the ones I saw posted other than the one I applied for seem to require licenses I do not have such as pharmacy clerk licenses and such jobs seem to be more customer service oriented than technology oriented. 

I started applying for more jobs which I thought sounded very similar to my most recent (paid) job as a package handler at the OnTrac warehouse in Fremont, California. I plan on driving to work until I get a better bicycle (if I think bicycling to work is feasible and not too much of a strain on me in terms of time and stress). I hope to have enough money saved (in the event that I am unable to use the car which I am currently borrowing or else I am unable to a bicycle I own to commute there) to pay for a Lyft or Uber ride to take me to work until I am able to resume using my primary commute method.

Today I researched that used electric cars typically sell for no less than $10,000 and are often less than $15,000. I am hoping that I can save up for such a car within the next three years by saving more money than I spend.

* * *

To be clear, if it is feasible for me to bicycle to my next job, then I will unless the weather is shitty or if I have urgent errands to complete within a small amount of time. Ideally, I would bicycle and take BART more than 95% of the time.

* * *

I have been using the Toyota Matrix as a storage bin to keep my clothes in (and I might also keep my backpack in there too and only take my phone, wallet, and keys with me in my cargo pants or jacket zipper pockets (with the bike lock fastened to the middle of the handle bars of the bike when I'm riding it). 

In the past I had issues bringing my big backpack to work because it was too big to fit in an employee locker and it was not allowed near the assembly lines because of limited space in those regions (so I was asked to leave it in the managers' office). 

A part of me is demanding I take the whole car with me to work more than 95% of the time so that I can have all of my stuff with me (which allows me to work on software engineering projects while waiting to begin my shift relatively close to where I work in terms of time and space) and so that I can leave my backpack in the car instead of take up an embarrassing amount of space inside the workplace.

* * *

Earlier today I was watching a video on Instagram of some man getting off his motorcycle to briefly rob a woman of her purse (off camera) and while a guy in a white truck was turning onto the road where the robbery was taking place. When the robber got back onto his motorcycle, the driver of the pickup truck rammed into the motorcyclist multiple times in order to punish him using physical violence which could have seriously injured if not killed that man. I read the comments and saw many comments cheering on the violent retaliation as a good deed and wishing for that motorcyclist's legs to be broken. I did not see a single comment to that video expressing concern for the motorcyclist's welfare. Hence, I decided to post the following comment: "I feel sorry for the guy. I find violence to be depressing." 

Some thoughts I had approximately two hours later which are related to that comment I posted to that Instagram video are as follows (and are expressed in the form of me having a dialog with a devil's advocate I imagined named P):

P: "You say you don't like violence, but as soon as you were done commenting on that video you liked a video of a firey explosion in a factory and then you liked a video of a crocodile snapping the bones of a deer in a whip like fashion before swallowing the part of the deer it broke off. Why did you click the like button on those videos depicting violence and destruction to equipment and possibly to humans?"

karbytes: "I did not click the like button on those videos because I enjoyed the violence and destruction those videos depicted. Instead, I clicked the like button to those videos because I wanted to express my acknowledgement and appreciation of media depicting truth in forms I find unsavory because one of my highest priorities in life (if not my highest priority) is comprehending reality as thoroughly and as clearly as possible. Such videos help to show that reality isn't as devoid of suffering as some of my idealized versions of reality are."

P: "What the hell are you talking about? You don't understand a thing about reality because you don't work like the rest of us do. You have no authority to talk about reality. Leave that to the adults."

karbytes: "You're right that my notions of reality are probably a bit childish compared to yours. What I mean by idealized reality is a subset of reality (if not the whole of reality) being a place in which no sentient beings suffer anymore than they can stand to (and to the extent that each of them is never robbed of their immortality nor of their health nor injured nor  imprisoned for more than a day nor raped nor has their personal property stolen nor has their personal property vandalized nor has their places of refuge destroyed nor taken away from them nor are they forced to endure bullying for more than an hour per week). Such a universe would be like inhabiting The Hundred Acre Wood where Winnie the Pooh and his friends live  relatively suffering-free lives seemingly forever in a world and in bodies which do not seem to deteriorate over time."

P: "That's not reality. That's a kids' cartoon universe. Kids have to eventually grow the fuck up and get over the fact that the real world ain't no Winnie the Pooh. Besides, nobody in their right might seriously wants to live in such a babyish universe as what you describe as ideal because it's boring and devoid of drama and adult entertainment."

karbytes: "I see what you mean about my ideal Winnie the Pooh-esque universe being a bit too bland and lacking a sense of the macabre. I would also include the fact that my relatively babyish universe would not be satisfying for someone as intellectually sophisticated as you or I to live in given the fact that at least one of us is a serious hard-core philosopher of science and hence wants to contend with the ideas like what is discussed in the web page named MULTIVERSE of the website named Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com (and particularly the idea that the whole of reality might possibly be a set which contains all imaginable universes within it (and some of those universes would be hellish for the sentient beings which inhabit them))."

P: "Get over yourself. Stop pitching your self indulgent book. Real life is a form of hell but it rewards those who play the game well enough while punishing those who do not. Some people have more challenging circumstances to face than others, but that's part of the game. The game is about being a strong fighter and enduring suffering instead of trying to escape it. In the end, the poorest and the hardest working and the people who experienced the most adversity win the most while the relatively spoiled and sheltered and arrogant and elitist pansies like you get screwed over and eaten alive by piranhas."

I saw another brief video today on Instagram of Elon Musk talking about how having kids is an instinctual compulsion and that having kids will definitely make a human happier than not having kids would. I posted the following comment to that video: "I think there is also an instinct to be repulsed by sex and reproduction in sufficiently intelligent humans viscerally aware of the high prevalence of poverty, violence, stress, disease, and environmental destruction related to overpopulation."
